Contact
=======

<span>3</span> (703) 999-3742\
<m@gambogi.com>\
[matt.gambogi.com](http://matt.gambogi.com)\
[github.com/gambogi](https://github.com/gambogi)

\
312 Pathway Pl SW\
Leesburg, VA 20175

\
704 Park Point Dr\
Apt. No. 1\
Rochester, NY 14623

Education
=========

- Rochester, NY

B.S. Computer Science, Economics

Work Experience
===============

<span>San Diego, CA</span> <span>January - August 2015</span>
<span>Software Engineer Intern</span>
<span>http://turbotax.intuit.com</span>

As a member of the TurboTax Data Science team:

-   Contributed to design of novel machine learning algorithm.

-   Created highly composable DSL for specifying data
    transformation pipelines. Models could be specified in Python and
    compiled to Java. Featured guarenteed termination by construction.

-   Developed and deployed coninuous integration solution for Python.

-   Recieved “Win Together” award for accomplishments.

<span>Remote</span> <span>Fall 2014, Fall 2015 - Present</span>
<span>Software Engineer Intern</span> <span>http://janssen.com</span>
<span>Used Haskell and 4store (graph database) to analyze material flow
through a pharmaceutical recipie. Part-time.</span>\
 <span>Boston, MA</span> <span>Summer 2014</span> <span>Software
Engineer Intern</span> <span>http://athenahealth.com</span> <span>Member
of the Security Development team. Engineered automated cross-site
scripting (XSS) vulnerability detection system. Specifically targeted a
large Perl web application. </span>\
 <span>Reston, VA</span> <span>Summer 2013</span> <span>Software
Engineer Intern</span> <span>http://kapricasecurity.com</span>
<span>Developed Python web application using Flask, SQLAlchemy backed by
PostgreSQL. Worked on frontend, backend. Also contacted suppliers for
potential hardware obfuscation solutions. </span>\
 <span>Reston, VA</span> <span>Summer 2012</span> <span>Cyber Ninja
(Research Intern)</span> <span>http://secureit.com</span> <span>Studied,
tested, and developed exploitation and exploit prevention techniques.
Worked on DARPA contracts. Tested on an experimental (now patented)
Control Flow Integrity system. Investiged a potential side channel
attack vector in the Android keyboard process. </span>

Technical Skills
================

<span> Python, C, Haskell, OCaml, Lisp, Perl, Java, MIPS, HTML/CSS
</span>

<span> gdb, git, Perforce, OracleSQL, postgreSQL, VerticaSQL, vim,
Eclipse, LaTeX</span>

Personal Projects
=================

<span> Working with a small team of peers on a Haskell web application
and API for automating large portions of the Computer Science House’s
evaluations process, member database. </span> <span> Toy simply typed
lambda calculus interpreter in Haskell. Self-taught type theory, parser
combinators. </span>

Extracurricular
===============

<span>2012 - Present</span> <span>Active Member</span>
<span>https://csh.rit.edu/</span> <span>A 40 year old selective student
technical organization, emphasizing technical projects and group
learning. Elected History Director (Alumni Relations) 2014. </span>
